# GetMyReview
<b>How to run</b>  
The website can be run in the folder GetMyReview but it is the basic Django tutorial interface for now as we chose functionality of the code over the website for this checkpoint. Two files are important, the reviews.json and the app.py in the main folder. The reviews.json is a sample (300) of the reviews that we have uploaded. We are currently using files that are too big to upload to github so for now the sample json file will do. Also we have spent a lot of our time shifting through the datasets and taking out what we don't need so we can condense these files for later. If you run the app.py with the reviews.json file in the same folder you will see our cosine similarity, if you change the flag at the very bottom when calling main you can get the review text that is most similar to our query "Looking for good burgers".

The following is the output when calling main("Looking for good burgers",True)...Will need to change and optimize

1 a6j2K8RuxCsg_fZ3El9PXA 0.18368472412885437 Food taste: 2 Time to receive food: 3 Customer Service: - 5 (yes, that's a negative) Cleanliness: 3 Accuracy of order: 0 Liked that the screen is easier to read. Nice printed menus too. Purchased a Groupon  (4 burgers 4 sides) gave our orders (one burger and side to go) and was charged $26 and change. I'll take credit for signing and paying albeit confused, my mistake. Apparently lady assumed I only purchased a Groupon for (2 burgers and 2 sides). I pointed that out, she (lady 1) needed help and the lady (lady 2) who helped only asked the cash registrar for an explanation, not me. No sorry no nothing. Immediate refund of $21 no questions asked. I asked why it was only $21 not $26 and change, a brief and now obviously fake glance at the screen and I was told registrar was right not me. Lady 2 walks to the back and cancels 2 burgers and 2 sides. I patiently wait cause I understood the kitchen was busy and there was a line. I explained we needed 4 burgers and 4 fries again, no apologies for their own confusion and mistakes. Lady 2 just says the whole order needs to be cancelled and redone, again no apologies, didn't even offer to help further, just stayed in the kitchen. Lady 1 put in an order for the other 2 burgers and 2 fries (one to go) offered me 2 free drinks which I declined. Guess what came to our table. Yep, 2 burgers and 2 fries (you know, the one pair that was to go). Explained to the server that we ordered 4, again no apologies, checks with the lady 1 at the register and shortly brings our order to us. Fries tasted like fries anywhere else, crispy, plain. Nothing special like before. Burgers were bland, both my husband and son said burgers were 'ok, not really tasty like last time.' As we're eating, I notice lady 2 walking and chatting to other patrons. She stop by our table to make amends? Why of course not. She looked at us though, and walked away. Last week I told my sisters to eat here. Just sent a message on group chat telling them not to waste their time. Few weeks ago told my coworkers to stop by here when they're in the neighborhood, I'll tell them about this visit on Monday. My advice to management: Tell staff to read, slow down, listen and understand how important customer service is. Advice to Yelpers: Smash Burger or In N Out. Taste hasn't changed, service much better. If in Vegas, Wahlburgers.

2 7Tai8P6zdnhk7NgcXxM79w 0.1320933426722694 Nice place, games for younger kids, bar like feel for adults, missing the mark for teens; we tried hot dogs, burgers, sample platter, a little on the salty side, but otherwise OK. Come early to avoid crowds/lines.

3 6lRnO0n3QdkSGlJLUQb15w 0.13192906970091006 Best veal sandwich ever ( i like rapini/ garlic top)...pasta, lasagna, chicken...all good. Good service, nice clean place, parking, good food= 5

4 6rId0GkjJ_8_pULwN8RV0Q 0.13118846788657834 One of my favorite places in Madison.  Tons of character with good food and drink.  Service is good.  Bar is very cool.

5 AR_IDHl2P4kUVPB_tTsA6w 0.12514048004332318 I went there a couple week ago. The service was great small place. I had there osso buco meat it was good so much could only eat half. Wine was good by the glass a Malbec. I and my friend had there seafood soup was very good. I would recommend you try this place

6 O-I4Y329P9FND7skkMCdDg 0.11747153994231695 I really like this store. Very clean, well stocked and organized- every dept! Good signage to find products. They have good deals on sale weeks. Bought a couple of appliances here at same or cheaper price than other stores. Good paint-valspar. Helpful staff. Keep up the good work. This place makes Home depot look like a 3rd world country.

7 -STQDcMcBcWX0H_NrsfR2Q 0.1122534911548548 Great for the price, only $25 for long hair! Was hesitant about dry cut but it turned out good!

8 BP6XZmb7ugvc1De9mvoQpA 0.10758325275754253 Bamburger is the latest entry into the inexpensive "gourmet burger" trend taking over Yonge Street, including Gourmet Burger Co., South Street Burger Co., Burger Shoppe and Gourmet Burger. While Bamburger offers a decent take-out menu, we chose to enjoy their small, but friendly sidewalk patio, right in the middle of restaurant row at Yonge and Davisville. Bamburger is appealingly decorated in dark brown, natural wood and lots of greenery complimenting the patio and the booths. The lighting is soft and the seating is cozy. This is the kind of place that you could hang out for a great meal without the rushed "diner" feeling that often comes with burger joints. Our server was friendly, talkative and more than willing to explain the options on the menu, as there are many, and recommend some personal favourites. Starting off with drinks, Bamburger serves beer, wine, and old-fashioned Stewart's soda, but what is a burger joint without milkshakes? Bamburger specializes in milkshakes, including the usual vanilla and chocolate suspects, as well a special flavour each day for the nice price of $3.95. The menu is varied, offering up soup, salads, sandwiches and desserts, as well as a kid's menu, but almost everyone here is in it for the burgers. Bamburger allows you to choose almost every aspect of your burger, from the type of bun, burger patty (beef, chicken, turkey, pork or veggie), as well as a plethora of toppings, some for the asking- tzatziki, chipotle mayo, olives, horseradish, pickles and banana peppers, and some for a price, $1-$1.50 each- bacon, avocado, onion rings, mushrooms, pineapple, and every kind of cheese you could imagine. Included in these cheesy wonders is "Bamburger's Signature Cheddar Cheese Sauce ($1.50)," and it is worth every penny. You can order the cheese sauce on your burger, or as a side for dipping your fries, and I would highly recommend both. Just try not to think of how much butter and cheese have gone into that little bowl, and instead, focus on how delicious it is! We went with the "Bambamburger ($11.50)," which is 2/3 of a pound of prime ground chuck, and the chicken burger ($9.95) for myself, on whole-wheat buns. Both of us outfitted our burgers with toppings galore, including mushrooms, onions, garlic mayo and cheese sauce for the "Bambamburger," and avocado, chipotle mayo, dill pickles and jalapeno peppers for the chicken burger. Our meals took a while to arrive, as everything is cooked from scratch, but when they did, we received two overflowing burgers, with awesome homemade French fries and onion rings to match. Lesson learned from this particular trip to Bamburger is just because all of these delectable toppings are available, it doesn't mean you should put all of them on your burger. We both lost our buns to the slippery extras, and ended up eating our burgers by topping, not as one cohesive piece.  Next visit I will try a couple toppings at a time, and see if I fare any better. Bamburger serves up great burgers, fries and shakes at a fairly good price, although if you go a little overboard with the toppings, you might quickly end up with a $20 burger, without realizing it. The service was friendly and engaging, and the atmosphere was very comfortable and neighbourly. If you are hunting for a real deal on a burger, Bamburger might not be what you are looking for, but if you are more on the adventurous side, and want to have fun creating your own burger masterpiece, Bamburger will deliver.

9 vPA9ZwuatQhnfu6WrG0mpw 0.10362897231660584 Great fast food restaurant large portions. The food is good taste and great bargains. The service is good the restaurant is clean. I had the Teriyaki hot chicken with rice and steam vegetables. Had enough food for two meals would recommend this restaurant for familes

10 gaA9Z9LCdju57P3-6PHEQg 0.09493058195979287 I came across The Burger's Priest purely by accident one day when I was biking in the Beaches neighbourhood. It's an easy little place to overlook; it's just a small shop with little advertising way out on Queen East. But boy am I ever glad I stumbled onto this place. Hands down this was one of the best burgers I've had in Toronto. First off, it was actually cooked a little over medium-- without me asking! Truly a rarity nowadays, the guy at the counter told me they always cook it that temperature. Beautiful. Besides being cooked perfectly, the burger was served on a soft and slightly sweet bun that was matched perfectly with the savoury patty. The fries are cut super skinny and fried crispy in-house. While that makes them perfect for eating right away, I do imagine that takeouters will find them soggy once they get to eat them. But for me, it was pure fry bliss. The space is modern, clean, and stainless-steel heavy, but because of it's size, it only has seating for about 4 people. Once the place gets a lineup, which at peak times is completely inevitable, the seating area gets really cramped and is unpleasant to eat in. Next time you happen out to the Beaches, definitely check this place out, or even if you're not in the neighbourhood, this place is totally worth the drive. Check out our blog at www.tofoodreviews.com
